STO Feb 5 relnotes DOC-2592 (#654)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/security-testing-orchestration.md

Additionally, the release notes below are only for NextGen SaaS. FirstGen SaaS release notes are available [here](/docs/first-gen/firstgen-release-notes/harness-saa-s-release-notes) and Self-Managed Enterprise Edition release notes are available [here](/release-notes/self-managed-enterprise-edition).
:::
 			
## February 5, 2023

### New features

> * The Issue Details pane now shows the message “No recommendations are available at this time” when the scan tool didn’t return remediation steps for a specific issue. (STO-5380)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Issue Details pane now shows the message “No recommendations are available at this time” when the scan tool doesn't return remediation steps for a specific issue. (STO-5380)
```
